Working edits from ISO C++ meeting in Wroclaw 2024 (#442)
jbcoe/value_types: DRAFT.md

## History

### Changes in R11

* Remove unnecesary `remove_const` from the specification of hash for indirect.

* Add a default template type parameter for single-argument constructors for
  indirect and polymorphic and for indirect's perfect-forwarding assignment.

* Consistently use `allocator_type` as the template parameter for `allocator_traits`.

* Prevent `T` from being `in_place_t` or a specialization of `in_place_type_t` for
  both indirect and polymorphic.

* Add postconditions to say that the moved-from `indirect` is valueless in move assigment,
  move constructor and allocator-extended move construction. The same does not apply for
  polymorphic which permits a small buffer optimization.

* Require `is_same_v<remove_cv_ref_t<U>, U>` to simplify various requirements.

> * Require `is_same_v` checks to to the first constraints checked.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Make `is_same_v` checks be the first constraints checked.
```

Author: I went with 

* Check `is_same_v` constraints first.

needed.

3. Constructing an owned object with arguments `args...` using an allocator `al`

> means calling `allocator_traits<Allocator>::construct(al, p, args...)` where

Reviewer 2: Please add articles and other grammar fixes as needed. Do not copy verbatim.

> means calling `allocator_traits<Allocator>::construct(al, p, args...)` where

Author: In updated PR.

`p` is a pointer obtained by calling
`allocator_traits<Allocator>::allocate`.

4. The member `alloc` is used for any memory allocation and element construction performed

> by member functions during the lifetime of each indirect object, or until the allocator is

Author: Remove "or until the allocator is replaced."

Author: In updated PR.

template <class Value>
indirect(Value) -> indirect<Value>;

template <class Allocator, class Value>
indirect(allocator_arg_t, Allocator, Value) -> indirect<

>          Value, typename allocator_traits<allocator_type>::template rebind_alloc<Value>>;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         Value, typename allocator_traits<Allocator>::template rebind_alloc<Value>>;
```

Author: I've applied this uniformly.

indirect(allocator_arg_t, Allocator, Value) -> indirect<
         Value, typename allocator_traits<Allocator>::template rebind_alloc<Value>>;
```

#### X.Y.3 Constructors [indirect.ctor]

The following element applies to all functions in [indirect.ctor]:

_Throws_: Nothing unless `allocator_traits<Allocator>::allocate` or
`allocator_traits<Allocator>::construct` throws.

```c++
explicit constexpr indirect();
```

1. _Constraints_:
   * `is_default_constructible_v<T>` is `true`,
   * `is_copy_constructible_v<T>` is `true`, and
   * `is_default_constructible_v<Allocator>` is `true`.

2. _Mandates_: `T` is a complete type.

3. _Effects_: Constructs an owned object of type `T` with an empty argument list,
   using the allocator `alloc`.

```c++
explicit constexpr indirect(allocator_arg_t, const Allocator& a);
```

4. _Constraints_:
   * `is_default_constructible_v<T>` is `true` and
   * `is_copy_constructible_v<T>` is `true`.

5. _Mandates_: `T` is a complete type.

6. _Effects_: `alloc` is direct-non-list-initialized with `a`. Constructs an owned
   object of type `T` with an empty argument list, using the allocator `alloc`.

```c++
constexpr indirect(const indirect& other);
```

> 7. _Mandates_: `T` is a complete type.

Author: Add  _Mandates_ T is copy constructible.

Author: Is updated in PR.

8. _Effects_: `alloc` is direct-non-list-initialized with
  `allocator_traits<Allocator>::select_on_container_copy_construction(other.alloc)`.
  If `other` is valueless, `*this` is valueless. Otherwise, constructs an owned object of
  type `T` with `*other`, using the allocator `alloc`.

```c++
constexpr indirect(allocator_arg_t, const Allocator& a,
                   const indirect& other);
```

> 9. _Mandates_: `T` is a complete type.

Author: Add  _Mandates_ T is copy constructible.

Author: Is updated in PR.

10. _Effects_: `alloc` is direct-non-list-initialized with `a`. If `other` is
    valueless, `*this` is valueless. Otherwise, constructs an owned object of
    type `T` with `*other`, using the allocator `alloc`.

```c++
constexpr indirect(indirect&& other) noexcept;
```

> 11. _Mandates_: If `allocator_traits<Allocator>::is_always_equal::value`

Author: Strike 11.

Author: To do once all updates made to #462 PR.

    is `false` then `T` is a complete type.

> 12. _Effects_: `alloc` is direct-non-list initialised from `std::move(other.alloc)`.

Author: Use "-initialized"

Author: In updated PR.

  If `other` is valueless, `*this` is valueless. Otherwise `*this` takes
  ownership of the owned object of `other`.

13. _Postconditions_: `other` is valueless.

```c++
constexpr indirect(allocator_arg_t, const Allocator& a, indirect&& other)
   noexcept(allocator_traits<Allocator>::is_always_equal::value);
```

14. _Mandates_: If `allocator_traits<Allocator>::is_always_equal::value`
    is `false` then `T` is a complete type.

15. _Effects_: `alloc` is direct-non-list-initialized with `a`. If `other` is
    valueless, `*this` is valueless. Otherwise, if `alloc == other.alloc` is `true`,

>     constructs an object of type `indirect` that owns the owned object of `other`;

Author: Uniformly use "that takes ownership of the owned object of other".

Author: Is updated in PR.

>     `other` is valueless. Otherwise, constructs an owned object of type `T` with

Author: Remove "other is valueless"

>     constructs an object of type `indirect` that owns the owned object of `other`;
>     `other` is valueless. Otherwise, constructs an owned object of type `T` with

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    `*this` takes ownership of the owned object of `other`.
    Otherwise, constructs an owned object of type `T` with
```

    `*std::move(other)`, using the allocator `alloc`.

16. _Postconditions_: `other` is valueless.

```c++
template <class U=T>
explicit constexpr indirect(U&& u);
```

17. _Constraints_: Where `UU` is `remove_cvref_t<U>`,
    * `is_same_v<UU, indirect>` is `false`,
    * `is_same_v<UU, in_place_t>` is `false`,

>     * `is_constructible_v<T, UU>` is `true`,

Reviewer 3: This should be `is_constructible_v<T, U>`

Author: Is updated in PR.

    * `is_copy_constructible_v<T>` is `true`, and
    * `is_default_constructible_v<Allocator>` is `true`.

18. _Mandates_: `T` is a complete type.

19. _Effects_: Constructs an owned object of type `T` with
    `std​::​forward<U>(u)`, using the allocator `alloc`.

```c++
template <class U=T>
explicit constexpr indirect(allocator_arg_t, const Allocator& a, U&& u);
```

20. _Constraints_: Where `UU` is `remove_cvref_t<U>`,
    * `is_same_v<UU, indirect>` is `false`,
    * `is_same_v<UU, in_place_t>` is `false`,

>     * `is_constructible_v<T, UU>` is `true`, and

Reviewer 3: This should be `is_constructible<T, U>`

Author: Need to check and possibly for `indirect& operator=(U&& u)`, p10.

  `is_copy_constructible_v<T>` is `true`.

5. _Mandates_: `T` is a complete type.

6. _Effects_: `alloc` is direct-non-list-initialized with `a`. Constructs an owned
   object of type `T` with an empty argument list, using the allocator `alloc`.

```c++
constexpr indirect(const indirect& other);
```

7. _Mandates_: `T` is a complete type.

8. _Effects_: `alloc` is direct-non-list-initialized with
  `allocator_traits<allocator_type>::select_on_container_copy_construction(other.alloc)`.
  If `other` is valueless, `*this` is valueless. Otherwise, constructs an owned object of
  type `T` with `*other`, using the allocator `alloc`.

```c++
constexpr indirect(allocator_arg_t, const Allocator& a,
                   const indirect& other);
```

9. _Mandates_: `T` is a complete type.

10. _Effects_: `alloc` is direct-non-list-initialized with `a`. If `other` is
    valueless, `*this` is valueless. Otherwise, constructs an owned object of
    type `T` with `*other`, using the allocator `alloc`.

```c++
constexpr indirect(indirect&& other) noexcept;
```

11. _Mandates_: If `allocator_traits<allocator_type>::is_always_equal::value`
    is `false` then `T` is a complete type.

> 12. _Effects_: `alloc` is direct-non-list initialised from std::move(`other.alloc`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
12. _Effects_: `alloc` is direct-non-list initialised from `std::move(other.alloc)`.
```

Author: Fixed. Thanks.

  If `other` is valueless, `*this` is valueless. Otherwise `*this` takes
  ownership of the owned object of `other`.

13. _Postconditions_: `other` is valueless.

```c++
constexpr indirect(allocator_arg_t, const Allocator& a, indirect&& other)
   noexcept(allocator_traits<allocator_type>::is_always_equal::value);
```

14. _Mandates_: If `allocator_traits<allocator_type>::is_always_equal::value`
    is `false` then `T` is a complete type.

15. _Effects_: `alloc` is direct-non-list-initialized with `a`. If `other` is
    valueless, `*this` is valueless. Otherwise, if `alloc == other.alloc` is `true`,
    constructs an object of type `indirect` that owns the owned object of `other`;
    `other` is valueless. Otherwise, constructs an owned object of type `T` with
    `*std::move(other)`, using the allocator `alloc`.

16. _Postconditions_: `other` is valueless.

```c++
template <class U=T>
explicit constexpr indirect(U&& u);
```

> 17. _Constraints_: `is_same_v<remove_cv_ref_t<U>, U>` is `true`.

Reviewer: This constraint should not be on this ctor at all. Only the `polymorphic` ones taking `in_place_type_t<U>`

> 17. _Constraints_: `is_same_v<remove_cv_ref_t<U>, U>` is `true`.
>     `is_same_v<U, indirect>` is `false`.
>     `is_same_v<U, in_place_t>` is `false`.

Reviewer: The trait is spelled `remove_cvref_t`, but we don't want this `is_same_v<remove_cvref_t<U>, U>` constraint here at all. We want to allow `U` to be `X&` or `const X&` here. The `is_same_v<remove_cvref_t<U>, U>` constraint was only meant to be added to the ctors of `polymorphic` that take an `inplace_type_t<U>` where it's saying "construct a U", so that we don't allow `in_place_type_t<X&>` which would attempt to store an `X&`.

Here we're always constructing a T, so we don't constrain the U here.

```suggestion
17. _Constraints_: 
    `is_same_v<remove_cvref_t<U>, indirect>` is `false` and
    `is_same_v<remove_cvref_t<U>, in_place_t>` is `false`.
```

    `is_constructible_v<T, U>` is `true`.
    `is_copy_constructible_v<T>` is `true`.
    `is_default_constructible_v<allocator_type>` is `true`.

18. _Mandates_: `T` is a complete type.

19. _Effects_: Constructs an owned object of type `T` with
    `std​::​forward<U>(u)`, using the allocator `alloc`.

```c++
template <class U=T>
explicit constexpr indirect(allocator_arg_t, const Allocator& a, U&& u);
```

> 20. _Constraints_: `is_same_v<remove_cv_ref_t<U>, U>` is `true`.

Reviewer: Actually, this shouldn't be on this ctor at all. We want to allow lvalues and values of const types.

> 20. _Constraints_: `is_same_v<remove_cv_ref_t<U>, U>` is `true`.
>     `is_same_v<U, indirect>` is `false`.
>     `is_same_v<U, in_place_t>` is `false`.

Reviewer: As above:

```suggestion
20. _Constraints_:
    `is_same_v<remove_cvref_t<U>, indirect>` is `false` and
    `is_same_v<remove_cvref_t<U>, in_place_t>` is `false`.
```

> 1. _Mandates_: `T` is a complete type.

Reviewer 3: Similarly to the copy-constructor, should this be also mandating that `is_copy_constructible_v<T>`?

Should it also be mandating that `is_copy_assignable_v<T>`?

2. _Effects_: If `addressof(other) == this` is `true`, there are no effects. Otherwise:

    2.1. The allocator needs updating if `allocator_traits<Allocator>::propagate_on_container_copy_assignment` is `true`.

    2.2. If `other` is valueless, `*this` becomes valueless and the owned object in `*this`, if any, is destroyed using `allocator_traits<Allocator>::destroy` and then the storage is deallocated.

>     2.3. Otherwise, if `alloc == other.alloc` is `true` and `*this` is not valueless, `*other` is assigned to the owned object.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    2.3. Otherwise, if `alloc == other.alloc` is `true` and `*this` is not valueless, equivalent to `**this = *other`.
```

Author: Is updated in PR.

    2.4. Otherwise a new owned object is constructed in `*this` using `allocator_traits<Allocator>::construct` with the owned object from `other` as the argument, using either the allocator in `*this` or the allocator in `other` if the allocator needs updating.

    2.5. The previously owned object in `*this`, if any, is destroyed using `allocator_traits<Allocator>::destroy` and then the storage is deallocated.

>     2.6. If the allocator needs updating, the allocator in `*this` is replaced with a copy of the allocator in `other`.

Reviewer 3: This sentence is unclear what "replaced with a copy of the allocator in `other`" means.
It could be copy-assignment or destruct+copy-construct in-place.

If this means that `alloc = other.alloc` then we should say "the allocator in `other` is copy-assigned to `alloc`."

    allocator_traits<Allocator>::is_always_equal::value);
```

5. _Mandates_: If `allocator_traits<Allocator>::is_always_equal::value`

>     is `false`, then `T` is a complete type.

Reviewer 3: I think here we require `T` to be a complete type unconditionally, since even in the case where `is_always_equal` is `true`, we might still call the destructor of the existing object in `*this` being replaced by the moved-object taken from `other`.

6. _Effects_: If `addressof(other) == this` is `true`, there are no effects. Otherwise:

    6.1. The allocator needs updating if `allocator_traits<Allocator>::propagate_on_container_move_assignment` is `true`.

    6.2. If `other` is valueless, `*this` becomes valueless and the owned object in `*this`, if any, is destroyed using `allocator_traits<Allocator>::destroy` and then the storage is deallocated.

    6.3. Otherwise, if `alloc == other.alloc` is `true`, swaps the owned objects in `*this` and `other`; the owned object in `other`, if any, is then destroyed using `allocator_traits<Allocator>::destroy` and then the storage is deallocated.

>     6.4. Otherwise constructs a new owned object with the owned object `other` as the argument as an rvalue, using either the allocator in `*this` or the allocator in `other` if the allocator needs updating.

Reviewer 3: Design question: Should this case be performing move-assignment into `**this` if `*this` is not valueless and `propagate_on_container_move_assignment` is false?

Reviewer 4: @jwakely please pick this up LWG issue.

Reviewer 3: @jwakely look at this

Reviewer 2: No, we cannot, because if we assign to the object, we need to destroy the object.

Reviewer 2: @jwakely However, we in 6.3 need to say `alloc == other.alloc` or allocator needs updating.

    6.5. The previously owned object in `*this`, if any, is destroyed using `allocator_traits<Allocator>::destroy` and then the storage is deallocated.

>     6.6. If the allocator needs updating, the allocator in `*this` is replaced with a copy of the allocator in `other`.

Reviewer 3: Similarly to above, should "replaced with a copy of the allocator in `other`" be reworded here to make it clearer whether it's copy-assignment?

Reviewer: Left intentionally vague for some reason!

9. _Remarks_: If any exception is thrown, there are no effects on `*this` or `other`.

```c++
  template <class U=T>
  constexpr indirect& operator=(U&& u);
```

10. _Constraints_: Where `UU` is `remove_cvref_t<U>`,
    * `is_same_v<UU, indirect>` is `false`,

>     * `is_constructible_v<T, UU>` is `true`, and
>     * `is_assignable_v<T&,UU>` is `true`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    * `is_constructible_v<T, U>` is `true`, and
    * `is_assignable_v<T&, U>` is `true`.
```

```c++
constexpr void swap(indirect& other) noexcept(
  allocator_traits<Allocator>::propagate_on_container_swap::value
  || allocator_traits<Allocator>::is_always_equal::value);
```

> 1. _Preconditions_: If `allocator_traits<Allocator>::propagate_on_container_swap::value`

Author: In updated PR.

  is `true`, then `Allocator` meets the _Cpp17Swappable_ requirements.

2. _Effects_: Swaps the states of `*this` and `other`, exchanging owned objects
  or valueless states. If
  `allocator_traits<Allocator>::propagate_on_container_swap::value` is
  `true`, then the allocators of `*this` and `other` are exchanged by calling
  `swap` as described in [swappable.requirements]. Otherwise, the allocators
  are not swapped, and the behavior is undefined unless

>   `(*this).get_allocator() == other.get_allocator()`.\

Reviewer 4: Remove (*this) everywhere:
```suggestion
  `get_allocator() == other.get_allocator()`.\
```

Author: In updated PR.

constexpr polymorphic(polymorphic&& other) noexcept;
```

9. _Effects_: `alloc` is direct-non-list-initialized with
  `std::move(other.alloc)`. If `other` is valueless, `*this` is valueless.
  Otherwise, either `*this` takes ownership of the owned object of `other` or,
  owns an object of the same type constructed from the owned object of
  `other` considering that owned object as an rvalue, using the allocator
  `alloc`.

  _[Drafting note: The above is intended to permit a small-buffer-optimization
  and handle the case where allocators compare equal but we do not want to swap
  pointers.]_

```c++
constexpr polymorphic(allocator_arg_t, const Allocator& a,
                      polymorphic&& other)
  noexcept(allocator_traits<Allocator>::is_always_equal::value);
```

10. _Effects_: `alloc` is direct-non-list-initialized with `a`. If `other` is
    valueless, `*this` is valueless. Otherwise, if `alloc == other.alloc` is
    `true`, either constructs an object of type `polymorphic` that owns the

>     owned object of other, making `other` valueless; or, owns an object of the

Author: "that owns the owned object of other" -> "that takes ownership of the owned object of other"

  pointers.]_

```c++
template <class U=T>
explicit constexpr polymorphic(U&& u);
```

> 11. _Constraints_: `is_same_v<remove_cv_ref_t<U>, U>`.
>    `is_same_v<U, polymorphic>` is `false`.
>    `derived_from<U, T>` is `true`.
>    `is_copy_constructible_v<U>` is `true`.
>    `is_constructible_v<U, U>` is `true`.
>    `U` is not a specialization of `in_place_type_t`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
11. _Constraints_:  Let `UR` be `remove_cv_ref_t<U>`.
   `is_same_v<UR, polymorphic>` is `false`.
   `derived_from<UR, T>` is `true`.
   `is_copy_constructible_v<UR>` is `true`.
   `is_constructible_v<UR, U>` is `true`.
   `UR` is not a specialization of `in_place_type_t`.
```

(but wants some "and" added between conditions, as discussed on mattermost between Jon and Jon)

   `is_default_constructible_v<allocator_type>` is `true`.

12. _Mandates_: `T` is a complete type.

13. _Effects_: Constructs an owned object of type `U` with
  `std​::​forward<U>(u)` using the allocator `alloc`.

```c++
template <class U=T>
explicit constexpr polymorphic(allocator_arg_t, const Allocator& a, U&& u);
```

> 14. _Constraints_: `is_same_v<remove_cv_ref_t<U>, U>`.
>    `is_same_v<U, polymorphic>` is `false`.
>    `derived_from<U, T>` is `true`.
>    `is_copy_constructible_v<U>` is `true`.
>    `is_constructible_v<U, U>` is `true`.
>    `U` is not a specialization of `in_place_type_t`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
14. _Constraints_:  Let `UR` be `remove_cv_ref_t<U>`.
   `is_same_v<UR, polymorphic>` is `false`.
   `derived_from<UR, T>` is `true`.
   `is_copy_constructible_v<UR>` is `true`.
   `is_constructible_v<UR, U>` is `true`.
   `UR` is not a specialization of `in_place_type_t`.
```

(but with more "and")

   `is_default_constructible_v<allocator_type>` is `true`.

15. _Mandates_: `T` is a complete type.

16. _Effects_: `alloc` is direct-non-list-initialized with `a`. Constructs
    an owned object of type `U` with `std​::​forward<U>(u)` using the
    allocator `alloc`.

```c++
template <class U, class... Ts>
explicit constexpr polymorphic(in_place_type_t<U>, Ts&&... ts);
```

> 17. _Constraints_: `is_same_v<remove_cv_ref_t<U>, U>` is true.

Reviewer: _This_ is where the `is_same_v<remove_cvref_t<U>, U>` is needed :+1:  ... but spelled correctly:

```suggestion
17. _Constraints_: `is_same_v<remove_cvref_t<U>, U>` is true.
```

  `derived_from<U, T>` is `true`.
  `is_constructible_v<U, Ts...>` is `true`.
  `is_copy_constructible_v<U>` is `true`.
  `is_default_constructible_v<allocator_type>` is `true`.

18. _Mandates_: `T` is a complete type.

19. _Effects_: Constructs an owned object of type `U` with
    `std​::​forward<Ts>(ts)...` using the allocator `alloc`.

```c++
template <class U, class... Ts>
explicit constexpr polymorphic(allocator_arg_t, const Allocator& a,
                               in_place_type_t<U>, Ts&&... ts);
```

> 20. _Constraints_: `is_same_v<remove_cv_ref_t<U>, U>` is true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
20. _Constraints_: `is_same_v<remove_cvref_t<U>, U>` is true.
```

  `derived_from<U, T>` is `true`.
  `is_constructible_v<U, Ts...>` is `true`.
  `is_copy_constructible_v<U>` is `true`.

21. _Mandates_: `T` is a complete type.

22. _Effects_: `alloc` is direct-non-list-initialized with `a`. Constructs an
    owned object of type `U` with `std​::​forward<Ts>(ts)...` using the
    allocator `alloc`.

```c++
template <class U, class I, class... Us>
explicit constexpr polymorphic(in_place_type_t<U>,
                               initializer_list<I> ilist, Us&&... us);
```

> 23. _Constraints_: `is_same_v<remove_cv_ref_t<U>, U>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
23. _Constraints_: `is_same_v<remove_cvref_t<U>, U>`.
```

   `is_same_v<U, polymorphic>` is `false`.
   `derived_from<U, T>` is `true`.
   `is_copy_constructible_v<U>` is `true`.
   `is_constructible_v<U, initializer_list<I>&, Us...>` is `true`.
   `is_default_constructible_v<allocator_type>` is `true`.

24. _Mandates_: `T` is a complete type.

25. _Effects_: Constructs an owned object of type `U` with the arguments
    `ilist`, `std​::​forward<Us>(us)...` using the allocator `alloc`.

```c++
template <class U, class I, class... Us>
explicit constexpr polymorphic(allocator_arg_t, const Allocator& a,
                               in_place_type_t<U>,
                               initializer_list<I> ilist, Us&&... us);
```

> 26. _Constraints_: `is_same_v<remove_cv_ref_t<U>, U>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
26. _Constraints_: `is_same_v<remove_cvref_t<U>, U>`.
```

  pointers.]_

```c++
template <class U=T>
explicit constexpr polymorphic(U&& u);
```

11. _Constraints_: Where `UU` is `remove_cvref_t<U>`,
    * `is_same_v<UU, polymorphic>` is `false`,
    * `derived_from<UU, T>` is `true`,
    * `is_copy_constructible_v<UU>` is `true`,

>     * `UU` is not a specialization of `in_place_type_t`, and

Author: Is updated in PR.

>     * `UU` is not a specialization of `in_place_type_t`, and

Author: In updated PR

    * `is_default_constructible_v<Allocator>` is `true`.

12. _Mandates_: `T` is a complete type.

13. _Effects_: Constructs an owned object of type `U` with
  `std​::​forward<U>(u)` using the allocator `alloc`.

```c++
template <class U=T>
explicit constexpr polymorphic(allocator_arg_t, const Allocator& a, U&& u);
```

14. _Constraints_: Where `UU` is `remove_cvref_t<U>`,
    * `is_same_v<UU, polymorphic>` is `false`,
    * `derived_from<UU, T>` is `true`,

>     * `is_copy_constructible_v<UU>` is `true`, and

Author: "Add is_constructible_v<UU, U>"

Author: Is updated in PR.

```c++
constexpr void swap(polymorphic& other) noexcept(
  allocator_traits<Allocator>::propagate_on_container_swap::value
  || allocator_traits<Allocator>::is_always_equal::value);
```

> 1. _Preconditions_: If `allocator_traits<Allocator>::propagate_on_container_swap::value`

Author: In updated PR.

>   is `true`, then `Allocator` meets the _Cpp17Swappable_ requirements.

Author: In updated PR.

2. _Effects_: Swaps the states of `*this` and `other`, exchanging owned objects
  or valueless states. If
  `allocator_traits<Allocator>::propagate_on_container_swap::value` is
  `true`, then the allocators of `*this` and `other` are exchanged by calling

>   `swap` as described in [swappable.requirements]. Otherwise, the allocators

Author: In updated PR.

>   `swap` as described in [swappable.requirements]. Otherwise, the allocators

Author: In updated PR

  are not swapped, and the behavior is undefined unless

>   `(*this).get_allocator() == other.get_allocator()`.\

Reviewer 4: Remove (*this)
```suggestion
  `get_allocator() == other.get_allocator()`.\
```

Author: In updated PR.
